#title Folkso

Dans une logique de *RESTful webservices*, cette API expose deux
interfaces correspondant à deux types d'information. **tag.php** répond à
toutes les requêtes concernant les *tags*, et surtout l'affichage des
ressources associées à un *tag* donné. **resource.php** représente les
différentes ressources (URI), et peut, par exemple, afficher les *tags*
associés à une ressource donnée.


* tag.php

When the tag's name or id is known, the field name "tag" ("folksotag"
if we maintain that system) will always be used. It can be a multiple
field (that is: "tag001, tag002, tag003...").

** GET

*** folksotagid

With numerical id, retrieve the display version of the tag.

**** Formats

Currently, only a simple text version.

**** Errors

***** 404 

Tag does not exist.

*** folksotagresources

With a numerical tag id as argument, retrieves a list of the resources
associated with that tag.


Multiple, numbered 'folksotagresources' parameters will be treated as
combined requests, ie. SELECT RESOURCE WHERE (TAGGED AS T1) AND
(TAGGED AS T2) AND... (This is very pseudo SQL.)

**** Formats

Currently returns an xhtml list. An XML list will also be provided.


**** Errors
***** 204

Returns a **204** if there are no tags associated with the selected
resource. 

***** 404

Tag does not exist.


** POST

*** folksonewtag

With the display version of a tag, create a new tag. Returns the new
tag's id (**201**, created).

* resource.php

The basic field is "res" or "folksores". It can be either an numeric
id or a uri, and each response handler should be able to react
accordingly. 

** HEAD

*** res (id or uri)

Returns 200 if the resource provided is already present in
the resource index (resource table).

**** Errors

***** 404

Resource is not indexed.

** GET

*** Tags associated with a resource: folksoresourceuri

Retrieve the tags associated with a given resource.

**** Formats

xhtml, xml, text.

**** Errors

***** 404 

Resource is not indexed.

***** 204

No tags associated with resource.

** POST

***  Add a resource to the index: folksovisituri, folksourititle

Add a resource (uri) to the resource index.

urititle is optional.

Returns the uri of the link to the new resource. If the resource
already exists, the number of visits is incremented.

This command is cached. The resource is not immediatly added to the
index.

Returns **201** on success.

*** Add a resource to the index immediatly: folksonewuri,folksonewtitle

Like folksovisituri, except that the resource is added immediately.


*** Tag a resource: folksoresource, folksotag

Tag a resource with one or more tags. Returns **201** (created).

**** Errors

***** 404

Resource is not indexed or tag does not exist.
